Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh‘s wedding was one of the biggest Bollywood events that happened in 2018. The #DeepVeer celebrations not only had all of us hooked on to our phones, waiting for what’s to come but also gave enough and more reason to believe just how stylish these two are as a couple. From airport looks to reception parties and everything in between here’s an entire timeline of DP and Ranveer’s wedding style file!
Not Ambanis, Deepika Ranveer or Priyanka Nick. Man proves his was Wedding of The Year
This year was the year of big fat lavish and extravagant weddings. From Isha Ambani and Anand Piramal to Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh, from Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas to Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath, 2018 saw many grand weddings. But nothing beats this man, who just won the Wedding of The Year award from social media.
The wedding season this year was kicked off by Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh, who flew off to Lake Como to tie the knot over two days, November 14 and 15. They had several lavish wedding reception parties in Bengaluru and Mumbai.
Even as Deepika and Ranveer's wedding reception parties continued, Priyanka Chopra tied the knot with American singer Nick Jonas in Jodhpur on December 1 and 2, in yet another grand wedding spread over a week. Priyanka and Nick hosted their reception parties in Delhi on December 4 and in Mumbai on December 19 and 20. The couple is yet to host another reception party, in Los Angeles.
By the time Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas could move on to their wedding reception parties, Mukesh and Nita Ambani's daughter Isha Ambani and Ajay and Swati Piramal's son Anand Piramal's pre-wedding festivities took off in Udaipur. This was December 8 and 9. The two-day events in Udaipur culminated with a performance by American pop sensation Beyonce. And soon after, on December 12, Isha and Anand tied the knot at Antilia in Mumbai, an event that was followed by three reception parties.
In between these three high-profile weddings, several other stars tied the knot. TV star Kapil Sharma married Ginni Chatrath; ace badminton player Saina Nehwal and Parupalli Kashyap tied the knot; cricketer Sanju Samson married his college sweetheart Charulatha.
But the wedding of Rizwan Pehelwan, much like many other couples who had such close-knit weddings this year, probably took the wedding cake (and had it too).
Deepika and Ranveer are known for their airport twinning appearances so it was no surprise to see them twin in white as they left for their destination wedding in Italy.
Deepika and Ranveer had two wedding ceremonies, as everyone knows, one Sindhi and the other, Konkani. For the Sindhi wedding, both of them were seen wearing custom-made Sabyasachi ensembles that were traditional to the T.
A gorgeous silk saree on Deepika and Ranveer‘s white silk kurta against the gorgeous backdrop of Lake Como, Italy couldn’t be more perfect.
The couple was seen in Sabyasachi yet again as they made their way back to the bay after celebrating their union in Italy. Love how the two of them wore neutral colours and added a pop with the dupatta and waistcoat.
The celebrations began at their Bangalore reception where Deepika was seen in a stunning Sabyasachi saree and Ranveer in a sherwani.
The celebrations began at their Bangalore reception where Deepika was dressed up in a stunning Sabyasachi saree and Ranveer in a sherwani.
Ranveer in a handcrafted anti-fit long silk jacket with the Manish Arora‘s signature heart motif, complete with a leopard head attached to his right shoulder. Deepika flowed with his vibe in a fully floral Sabyasachi saree and wowed us all!
Deepika was wearing a gorgeous chikankari creation by Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla while Ranveer wore a custom-made sherwani.
Newlywed power couple Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are in the cloud nine after their fairytale wedding and three back-to-back wedding receptions. The couple tied the knot at the Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur on December 1 and 2 in a private wedding affair. Since then, the world can't get over the pictures of the Bollywood-Hollywood couple. And just as we thought we got over all the wedding galore, our eyes felt on these beautiful pictures of the couple.

Both Priyanka and Nick are looking extremely gorgeous in these pictures. Man of the moment Nick Jonas perfectly complements his lady love Priyanka from all the corners. And Priyanka's smile is what will make everybody fall for her. 
After four days of wedding festivities, topped off with three receptions, the party is still not over for newlyweds Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas. The couple, who tied the knot on December 1 and 2 in elaborate ceremonies, will reportedly host a big bash in Los Angeles for all their Hollywood friends.

According to reports doing the rounds, the couple will allegedly host a black-tie event for Priyanka’s close friends like Kerry Washington, Dwayne Johnson, Ellen DeGeneres, among other co-stars from her many films and her TV show ‘Quantico’. Reports even suggest that the pregnant Duchess of Sussex- Meghan Markle has also received an invite for the same. Meanwhile, Nick’s friends from the music industry are also expected to join in the festivities.
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas got married this month at Jodhpur's Umaid Bhawan Palace. It was no less than a fairytale wedding.
After dating for a few months the duo decided to take their relationship to the next level. And PC got the man she was looking for.
Now, Nick took to his Instagram story to express that he had an amazing year by posting a collage of the pictures of all of his best moments with Bollywood diva which took place this year. And adorable would be an understatement for it.
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra have dominated the social media since the time they announced about their relationship and since then they have been giving us major couple goals. The couple who tied the knot at the Umaid Bhawan Palace in Jodhpur as per Hindu and Christian traditions have just raised the bar to the next level.

If you thought that you had seen it all from their wedding then here's another adorable picture of Nickyanka from their fairytale wedding celebrations wherein you can see Nick escorting his ladylove. A few hours ago PeeCee too had taken to Instagram to share a picture with her hubby wherein they could be seen posing in a Bollywood style with Nick holding his wife in his arms.
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas have become one of the most loved couples in Bollywood. The two always look simply adorable together and this latest picture of the couple is proof!

We got our hands on to a picture of Priyanka and Nick where they have been captured candidly on their flight journey together. In the picture, PeeCee can be seen fidgeting with something while Nick looks on. The dim light background and the light on their face through the window give the picture a vintage look.

Priyanka and Nick took their nuptial vows at Umaid Bhavan Palace in Udaipur in presence of their families and friends. The two honoured both of their cultures in their wedding. After the lavish wedding, they also threw a grand wedding reception in Delhi which was graced by the PM Narendra Modi himself.
Bollywood diva Priyanka Chopra and American pop singer Nick Jonas got married at Jodhpur's Umaid Bhawan Palace on December 01 and 02.
The couple has been sharing pictures of themselves on socials media and giving us some major couple goals. Recently, PC took to her Instagram to post a picture with Nick from their photo shoot which took place before their wedding. She captioned the image, "I look with wonder at all that lies ahead.. and I’m filled with joy.."
After mesmerising his fans and followers with his love story and a lavish wedding with Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra, Nick Jonas, yesterday, flew back to America. He recently shared a picture with his adorable nieces which is too cute for words.
The singer actor took to his Instagram handle to share the picture where once can see him working his magic through the keys of a piano along with his two beautiful nieces who seem to be teaching him to play. He captioned the picture as, ‘My beautiful nieces teaching me everything I know on the keys. 🎄😍’
The couple, who got hitched at Umaid Bhavan Palace in Jodhpur, have always been open about the idea of having kids and starting a family. Speaking about the same, Nick had reportedly said that he definitely wants to be a father someday.
Even when there were just rumours of Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra being in a relationship, the two gave some major couple goals. And now that these lovebirds have actually called it official by tying the knot, the bar has been set higher. Giving some serious couple goals once again, Nick Jonas has taken it to his social media handle to share an adorable picture of him and Priyanka Chopra from their Christian wedding. The picture features the newlyweds cutting there huge and scrumptious look wedding cake. He captioned the picture as “One week ago on today <3”.
The beautiful couple was recently seen pairing in an ethnic ensemble at Isha Ambani and Anand Piramal’s pre-wedding festivity
Cricketer Virat Kohli and wife, actor Anushka Sharma, are spending their New Year holiday in Sydney, Australia and shared new photos to give a glimpse to their fans of what their celebrations were like. Standing on a street as they looked ready to party, the couple looks directly into the camera. Anushka shared another photos where she can be seen posing with her husband.
It has been a busy year for Virat and Anushka. While the actor had three releases this year -- her own production Pari, Sui Dhaaga co-starring Varun Dhawan and Zero where she played a scientist with cerebral palsy, Virat maintained his pole position in the year-end ICC Test Player Rankings. India has also taken a 2-1 lead in the four-match series against Australia in the ongoing test series.
Rajput/Instagram)
From Kareena Kapoor Khan, Anushka Sharma, Sonam Kapoor to Arjun Kapoor and Rajkummar Rao among others, B-town celebrities spent New Year with their loved ones.

Alia Bhatt joined Ranbir Kapoor’s family to celebrate New Year. Ranbir’s sister Riddhima Kapoor Sahni shared a sneak peek into the celebrations.
We also saw Mira Rajput posting a perfect family portrait on Instagram wishing her followers and Shahid Kapoor fans a very Happy New Year.
Neetu Kapoor, who shared a photo on her Instagram, hoped that 2019 is a step closer to times when cancer is just a zodiac sign, “Happy 2019 🎈 no resolutions only wishes this year !!! Less pollution traffic!! Hope in future cancer is only a zodiac sign !!! No hatred less poverty loads of love togetherness happiness n most imp. Good health 
Anushka Sharma, who is in Sydney with Virat Kohli, wrote, “Hope you all wake up to the new year filled with hope , peace and compassion … May we all strive to be kinder to one another and illuminate the light and beauty that resides within 💫 … A very happy new year from us to you 💗”
In another photo, Alia looks extremely happy in the company of Ranbir and his family. (Source: Riddhima Kapoor Sahni/ Instagram)

In other weird news of 2019, there is a dosa named after Deepika Padukone in Texas, US. The actor retweeted a fan’s post about the dosa, saying, “what a great way to begin the year...Happy New Year!” The dosa comes with potato mix and is topped by fiery red ghost chillis.


Deepika Padukone
✔
@deepikapadukone
 what a great way to begin the year...Happy New Year!😁❤️😁

Deepika Padukone FC
@DeepikaPFC
Haha @deepikapadukone is gonna love this 😂❤ https://twitter.com/sailee_rk/status/1079964902268141568 …


Ranveer and Deepika are at present on their honeymoon after tying the knot in November last year in Italy’s Lake Como. The couple went on to host three wedding receptions in Mumbai and Bengaluru. Ranveer was occupied with the promotion of his film Simmba, which has already made Rs 100 crore at the box office.
In an interview to HT, the actor said about his relationship with Deepika, “She and I have been seeing each other for six years. So, over a period of time, we have grown and evolved together. Deepika is not the same person that she used to be six years back and neither am I. Our growth and evolution happened while we stayed connected. So, our evolution [as human beings] has happened together. It’s really stronger than ever before.”
Ranveer Singh has had a phenomenal 2018. In terms of box office revenue, he was the biggest star of the year where his two films made more than Rs 400 crore at the box office and the number is all set to go high as Simmba is still wreaking havoc at the box office. His upcoming February release Gully Boy was selected for the Berlin Film Festival. And above all, he turned over new leaf in life when he married India's top superstar Deepika Padukone. 
Further talking about his much talked about marriage with Deepika Padukone, Ranveer added that despite his biggest blockbuster in Padmaavat and his "herogiri" in Simmba being appreciated by one and all, he believes it was his marriage with Deepika Padukone that has been his life's biggest achievement. He also added that he feels he has a superpower now and he feels invincible and protected knowing Deepika is by his side and she cares about him.
Deepika Padukone reveals how her relationship with Ranveer Singh has evolved over the years
Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh are currently one of the most talked about couples of Bollywood. The duo lately has been dodging all the questions related to their marriage.In a recent interview with Femina magazine, the actress was asked about how her relationship with Ranveer Singh has evolved over the years, to which she reportedly replied that when you can connect with people in your lives, the relationship is bound to evolve and that she and Ranveer feel the same connection with each other. She further said that she feels great to find Ranveer as someone who can be depended upon, trusted and as someone who puts others before himself. Adding to it, she said that he is fun to be with and honest. She considers him as her best friend.Meanwhile, on the work front, the actress is set to work alongside Meghna Gulzar in her untitled next while Ranveer is working on 'Simmba', 'Gully Boy' and Karan Johar's magnum opus 'Takht'.
When Ranveer Singh said he was working towards becoming “husband of the millennium", he was not joking! After letting Deepika Padukone take over the reins for their intimate wedding in Italy and the celebrations that followed, this hunk is earning major husband points for putting his wife first in all ways.

Following his own advice – “Say yes to everything she says,” the star recently opened up on embracing fatherhood in the near future. Speaking to a news portal, he spilled the beans about starting a family with his superstar wife and reportedly said that it was only “partly” his call and that it was mostly Deepika’s decision and he will respect that.

Meanwhile, Deepika recently spoke about the couple’s honeymoon plans and revealed that they have not planned anything as yet as they are currently busy with Ranveer’s ‘Simmba’ promotions.
As one of the most spoken about weddings of last year, Ranve .. 

Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh's wedding has become one of the most-talked-about Bollywood parties of 2018. Ad why not? It's not every day that two of film industry's biggest stars tie the knot together, and that too, in the picturesque location of Lake Como.

So when Ranveer and Deepika decided to take their relationship to the next level after six years of dating, their fans and friends were more than ecstatic.

Though Ranveer has earlier revealed that within six months of dating, he knew that Deepika was the one for him, the Piku actress took her own sweet time to say yes to marriage.

Recently, Deepika in an interview to a magazine revealed the first time she thought about marrying Ranveer.

"I thought of marrying him [Ranveer] after Padmaavat. We knew it was going to happen, it was just a matter of time. When the film released, it just felt correct. He was of course ready but had already committed to a few projects. He wasn't sure if he'd be able to take out the time. But he made it work," said Deepika.

Deepika and Ranveer tied the knot at Lake Como in Italy on November 14 and 15 in the presence of family and close friends.

Two weddings and five receptions later, the newlyweds have finally taken off for their honeymoon.
eepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh made fans hearts melt with happiness when they tied the knot on November 14 and 15, after six years of dating. Their romance had bloomed on the sets of Goliyon Ke Rasleela Ram Leela and grew stronger by the day. For the longest time, the two preferred to dodge questions about their relationship. However, their public appearances and hand-holding in public confirmed that the speculation was true. At the beginning of 2018, there was much talk about their engagement that was supposed to have happened in Sri Lanka.

After their marriage, details about their first meeting and dates have been trickling out. Deepika revealed to an entertainment portal that they had gotten engaged four years ago.

Asked when she thought Ranveer was special, she said, "I was at Yash Raj and he was there and he was flirting like it’s nobody’s business and he was dating somebody else at this point and I was smiling to myself and told him, You are flirting with me.’"

Deepika also revealed that they used to frequent restaurants while they were dating, but their most special moments were at Ram Leela director Sanjay Leela Bhansali's house.

"Sir called us over for lunch and we were eating and apparently there was a piece of crab stuck in my tooth and he wanted to make me awkward and he said, oh there’s a crab stuck in your mouth’ and I said, Then take it out’. That moment all three of us won’t forget, she said.

Ranveer and Deepika have been more open about their social-media PDA. Recently, when Deepika announced the title of her new film Chhapaak, where she plays acid attack survivor Laxmi Aggarwal, Ranveer was all praise. He commented on her photo saying, "Proud of you baby!"
Ranveer and Deepika got married over two days at the picturesque Villa del Balbianello in Italy. Their traditional Konkani-style nuptials on November 14 were followed by an anand karaj ceremony on November 15.

Ranveer and Deepika hosted three receptions - one in the actress's hometown in Bengaluru, followed by two parties in Mumbai. As soon as the wedding festivities came to an end, Ranveer threw himself in the promotions of Rohit Shetty's Simmba.

In a recent interview, Ranveer opened up about Deepika, and when he decided she was the one. "Six months into the relationship, I knew she was the one. I nurtured the relationship accordingly. It's been six years now. She's too good, too lovely. She's a force of nature. I understood that almost immediately. "

He added that he is lucky to have her. "I knew all too well that this is the woman I’m going to marry. This is the woman who would become the mother of my children. I’ve been thinking about marriage seriously for almost three years now. I was just waiting, I told her the minute you say so, we’ll do it."

B-town is all excited for the fairytale wedding of Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone ever since the couple announced the wedding dates. Do you know that it all started when they met and got to know each other on the sets of their first film, Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s ‘Goliyon Ki Rasleela Ram-Leela’?Gulshan Devaiah, who was also the part of the film, opened up recently about when it all started and blossomed. Talking about their love-story he reportedly said that their romance started on the sets of ‘Goliyon Ki Rasleela Ram-Leela’ and they saw them getting close to each other there on the first day of the shoot. He also said that he still remembers their Udaipur schedule when he saw Deepika sitting on Ranveer's lap which surprised him quite a bit. He said that their romance has come a long way. And their romance is the fondest memory he has right now because he saw it himself.Meanwhile, Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh are to tie the knot on 14th and 15th of November this year.
Ranveer Singh has been one loving boyfriend to Deepika Padukone who never thought twice before displaying his affection for her and now as a husband he is even more doting and supportive of her. And his latest comment on Deepika Padukone’s next film’s announcement on Instagram is proof!

Taking to her social media handles, Deepika announced her upcoming film ‘Chhapaak’ with a picture with a quotation that read, ‘A story of Trauma and Triumph and the Unquashable Human Spirit’. Lauding for her choice of film, Ranveer took to the comments section and wrote, ‘Proud of You Baby’.